welcome to my kitchen greets you
friend and instructors this day I bring you
a recipe that is really very easy
to make is very delicious are shrimp
the chipotle with orange is very easy to
prepare and you'll see that the ingredients
are very few so let's see which
are we will need a quarter cup of
6th italian casting half a pound of
Fresh shrimp four teaspoons
Orange marmalade
a spoonful of chipotle chile in adobo
and chopped cilantro to your liking
as a first step we are going to take the
dressing
[Applause]
in a pan that is on medium heat
and we're going to add the shrimp
let's let them sew
approximately about 4 minutes
since four minutes have passed and the
shrimp have a pink color let's
add the marmalade
and the chipotle chilies
[Applause]
and we are going to move it constantly
about three minutes until
the shrimp are completely
cooked
since the three minutes have passed,
let's remove from the fire
and we'll take them out of chopped coriander
we cook a little white rice on
which we are going to serve our
shrimp by friends as they saw this
recipe is very easy to prepare them
it will be very delicious it has a flavor
spicy that was perfect with rice
because as they saw we are accompanying
with white rice I hope you have it
will be your cases not only want to give you
like and also close since a link
to go and subscribe to our
channel and also on this side from the
another mail so that they go to see others of
our videos then up to the
next
[Music]
i